Remove PostgreSQL on AWS for SAP deployments (#4922)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/developerportal/deploy/sap-cloud-platform.md

## 8 Databases in SAP BTP{#databases}

Mendix needs access to a relational database back end and can run using different types of database. For deployment to SAP BTP, you have the choice of PostgreSQL Hyperscaler or SAP HANA.

### 8.1 Running Mendix on PostgreSQL on SAP BTP{#sap-hyperscaler}

> {{% alert color="warning" %}}

Author: Perhaps this is only information, now that customers don't have a choice of PostgreSQL?
```suggestion
{{% alert color="info" %}}
```

> SAP have deprecated the use of PostgreSQL databases bound via the marketplace. This means that, if you need a PostgreSQL database, you will have to use PostgreSQL on SAP BTP as your database. Alternatively, you can use [SAP HANA](#sap-hana).

Reviewer: Didn't understand this line. Postgres hyperscaler is also on SAP Martketplace.

Author: Hi @gauravkrshah 
It was left over from the previous warning, which said that they were deprecated. Would this do as an update?
```suggestion
SAP have removed some of the PostgreSQL databases available in their marketplace. If you need a PostgreSQL database, you will have to use PostgreSQL on SAP BTP as your database. This requires some extra configuration which is described below. Alternatively, you can use [SAP HANA](#sap-hana).
```

> SAP have deprecated the use of PostgreSQL databases bound via the marketplace. This means that, if you need a PostgreSQL database, you will have to use PostgreSQL, Hyperscaler Option as your database. Alternatively, you can use [SAP HANA](#sap-hana).

Author: ```suggestion
SAP have removed some of the PostgreSQL databases available in their marketplace. If you need a PostgreSQL database, you will have to use PostgreSQL, Hyperscaler Option as your database. This requires some extra configuration which is described below. Alternatively, you can use [SAP HANA](#sap-hana).
```
